build: buildkit resource limiting (#16324)
docker/docs: build/buildkit/configure.md

  --driver-opt "image=buildkit-cni:local" \
  --buildkitd-flags "--oci-worker-net=cni"
```

## Resource limiting

### Max parallelism

You can limit the parallelism of the BuildKit solver, which is particularly useful
for low-powered machines, using a [BuildKit configuration](toml-configuration.md)
while creating a builder with the [`--config` flags](../../engine/reference/commandline/buildx_create.md#config).

```toml
# /etc/buildkitd.toml
[worker.oci]
  max-parallelism = 4
```

Now you can [create a `docker-container` builder](../building/drivers/docker-container.md)
that will use this BuildKit configuration to limit parallelism.

```console
$ docker buildx create --use \
  --name mybuilder \
  --driver docker-container \
  --config /etc/buildkitd.toml
```

### Limit on TCP connections

> We are also limiting TCP connections to **4 per registry** with an additional
> connection not used for layer pulls and pushes. This limitation will be able to
> manage TCP connection per host to avoid your build being stuck while pulling
> images. The additional connection is used for metadata requests
> (image config retrieval) to enhance the overall build time.

Reviewer: Is this a fair rewording?

```suggestion
TCP connections are limited to 4 simultaneous connections per registry for pulling
and pushing images, plus one additional connection dedicated to metadata requests. 
This connection limit prevents your build from getting stuck while pulling images.
The dedicated metadata connection helps reduce the overall build time.
```
